Pay, you don't have eyes?
This mechanic is broken
You will compensate us for the loss of work stoppage.
This dress is not mine.
It was you who threw it in
You are talking nonsense, everyone can see it clearly?
Obviously, this woman's plan was broken.
Framing me every day
Ouch.
This shameless little hoof
Heaven Wu Xiaowei and Honest Man, I don't live anymore
Haha open air phoenix
You usually look pretty honest
I didn't expect you to frame Director Li
You are so shameless
I don't know how this open-air phoenix got in
Does it have anything to do with the factory manager in the plane?
No, I have nothing to do with the factory manager.
This dress was thrown in by him.
If you don't believe me, you can check the surveillance.
You fart, obviously you still don't admit it, hey
Instead, clean me up
What are you all doing?
Isn't it working? How can you call the shots for us?
This open-air phoenix
Not only did the littering of clothes ruin the military training
Said I did it
Factory manager, I'm so old
Can I do something shameful?
Ouch I'm dead
Okay, okay, Li Guan
Stop crying.
The factory manager calls the shots for you.
Now what?
I didn't do the factory manager
Ah!
The machine broke down and delayed how much my father earns